{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green60\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12594\c35385\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww6840\viewh15660\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs34 \cf0 J 
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  Jelle\
Z 
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  Zak\
K 
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  Karl\
W 
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  Wibke\
\
\'85.\
\
J: Sometimes I have a file and I do not want to lose it in any way. But since I\'92m digi-betic, my way of saving things is very messed up and I make new structures every time.\cb2  It would be so nice to have an external place to put things. For example, if once in two years I make something, I can put it there. And I know if I look back at it much later, ill be able to find it.\
\cb1 \
Z: Can you create folders within folders?\
\
K: Its not there yet as a user function, but we can do it. We decide on these things together, its why we have these test groups.\
\
W: The idea is that I have this archive and I fill it with images?\
\
K: Any kind of file, there\'92s no limit on extension types.\
\
[showing archive interface, describing it]\
\
J: The idea is that you search for anything? \
\
K: Yes\
\
J: and the feed shows a random image?\
\
K: Yes, we also have some other functions like color indexing and content tagging.\
\
J: Why?\
\
K: For the colours, we thought it was relevant because the majority of users would be design students.\
\
W: Its like are.na for design academy?\
\
K: We kind of talked about this already, it can be like that, but its not necessarily, it can also be a million other things. We don\'92t already want to decide what this will be.\
\
Z: It\'92s public? So anyone can just take the URL of any file?\
\
J: that\'92s really chill. But I really have to say, \cb2 I prefer it without any of the added things. I would like it to be as simple as possible. It might seem weird but im not a fan of my content randomly popping up on someone screen as part of a feed. I don\'92t want people to find my stuff unless they search for it.\cb1 \
\
K: Good input, very important for us to develop this further.\
\
J: What would make this so much better for me than facebook, is that its based on specific search, and there is no feed.\
\
W: \cb2 I would prefer to really see a wall of user folders instead of files, where I can access people\'92s sub-folders rather than the random list of files. For me archive is something about the students, teachers, and work we do here.\cb1  [goes into talking about jaap]. I like the idea of having all names, and I can see what people are up to.\cb2  I would really like to put projects there every term, an online portfolio of sorts. This is the first assumption I have of \'91archive\'92. I expected something more structured, less random.\cb1  I personally connect archive with the work I do here, including inspiration pictures, \
\
K: Were really interested in seeing how you use it.\
\
Z: \cb2 As a first year, I never know what\'92s going on outside my space. It would be nice to have a filter for the dieffernt years, to see what people are doing.\
\cb1 \
J: I didn\'92t know there were different departments till after Christmas.\
\
K: How do you feel about the content tagging, are you comfortable with it?\
\
J: For sure I am not. \cb2 Somehow I don\'92t trust the machines in interpreting things, but that\'92s just me. \cb1 We dont need to display any image randomly. It could be ok for most of the users most of the time, but can you imagine if one user sees something sensitive that they were not expecting to see, that can be quite disturbing. That is for facebook. This happens a lot on any platform with feeds. This is enough for me to not want this archive.\
\
K: Understood.\
\
J: \cb2 Love the way it looks btw.\cb1 \
\
K: When you log in [demonstrating], you get this display of files, the feed, the search bar, etc.. But what I understand is that you all prefer the folder structure without feed and tagging? \
\
Z: Yes,\cb2  it reminds me of the computer file system were so used to storing our files in, sorting, making changes, etc\'85 Its kind of in between a usb stick and an online portfolio\cb1 \
\
K: We\'92re really focused on a search function, front and centre, so people can seek out information rather than having it fed to them.\
\
J: \cb2 Something I would also really like to see is the option to, upon login, show the last 10 files I accessed.\cb1 \
\
K: like the last 10 links you clicked?\
\
J: Yeah, I know im going to wish I could find these again after logging in and out or shutting down and starting up. Being reminded of what I had been looking at is really important.\
\
Z, W: [agreeing]\
\
Z: I want to ask about organisation. \cb2 I\'92m a big fan of folders, and put everything in subfolders. If they were all in one place, it might be useful for someone else to have an overview of my work or process, but for me, trying to find my own work, it would be really difficult.\
\cb1 \
J, W: [agreeing]\
\
J: Where are you going to host all of this? Its going to be a lot, students will upload a lot video, a lot of big files, and many will do this.\
\
K: Here in school. Its not really a question for us, but for the school, and we haven\'92t had a problem with space yet.\
\
J: true but, i\cb2 t is going to be an excessive amount of information, so maybe a restriction on file size would help with the environment. If there is no restriction, I would abuse it, a lot of my files will just go up there, into the server, and I would have to worry about storage on my device. \cb1 \
\
Z: If students have access to free anything, they will use it all, especially if its available for the next 10 years in their lives.\
\
K: Its also public, also, but I get your point. Im interested in hearing how you guys would use it.\
\
Z: \cb2 I\'92d have a section for myself including the specific subfolders that I need for my process and stuff im working on, and then I would have a separate one that is more explicitly for others to view.\cb1 \
\
J: Sometimes I don\'92t mind my processes and projects being public. I wouldn\'92t push them in peoples face, but \cb2 its a good thought to have that just about anyone can access my work if they wanted to.\
\cb1 \
W: My question here is what is the probability that someone will open a folder I don\'92t want them to see? If I put the stuff up there, even if some of it isn\'92t good, what is the probability that someone will just accidentally come across it? The chance is quite small, and I wouldn\'92t know if they did.\
\
K: its really valuable for us to get your input on this so I want to ask you to set a meeting in two weeks, I will create users for you, and come up with questions for feedback, and create a WhatsApp group for this.}